README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

![Header Image](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=6,11,20&height=200&section=header&text=Sokserey&fontSize=70&fontAlignY=38&animation=twinkling)

<p align="center">
  <em>Driven by the challenge of creating autonomous robots that move, perceive, and adapt with grace</em><br>
  <em>and resilience in dynamic real-world environments 🤖</em>
</p>

<br>

## 🚀 About Me
I'm a curious and motivated learner obsessed with creating smart machines and solving real-world problems through AI and robotics.

> _"The best way to predict the future is to invent it."_ – Alan Kay

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools

### Languages & Frameworks
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-27338e?style=flat-square&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-22314E?style=flat-square&logo=ros&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-44A833?style=flat-square&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white)


## 🤝 Let's Connect!
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/YOUR_LINKEDIN"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/></a>
  <a href="mailto:your.email@example.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <em>Feel free to explore my projects and reach out for collaboration on AI or Robotics!</em>
</p>

<br>

![Footer](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=6,11,20&height=120&section=footer)

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section in README
Updated personal description to include interests and goals in robotics and AI.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

![Header Image](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=6,11,20&height=200&section=header&text=Sokserey&fontSize=70&fontAlignY=38&animation=twinkling)

<p align="center">
  <em>Driven by the challenge of creating autonomous robots that move, perceive, and adapt with grace</em><br>
  <em>and resilience in dynamic real-world environments 🤖</em>
</p>

<br>

🚀 About Me

I am an engineer who loves building robots and intelligent systems that solve real-world problems. My main interests are robotics, control systems, and artificial intelligence. I enjoy learning by designing, coding, and testing ideas in real projects. My goal is to create autonomous robots that can move, see, and make decisions reliably in real-world environments.

"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." – Alan Kay

<br>

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools

### Languages & Frameworks
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-27338e?style=flat-square&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-22314E?style=flat-square&logo=ros&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-44A833?style=flat-square&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white)


## 🤝 Let's Connect!
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/YOUR_LINKEDIN"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/></a>
  <a href="mailto:your.email@example.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <em>Feel free to explore my projects and reach out for collaboration on AI or Robotics!</em>
</p>

<br>

![Footer](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=6,11,20&height=120&section=footer)
